Jinwei
Live in a prosperous place
Soldiers have fun.
neglect of training
combat effectiveness is not strong
Boundless
The corpse soldiers have been in arrears for a long time
Now he has no fighting spirit
There will be no battle
In addition
Life is just saying it doesn't matter
In addition, Cao always has someone who understands foreign countries
The minister is most afraid that they will take action against the grain and support
Retreat the army
I see.
It seems that outside the soil
You must settle down first.
Your Majesty's biggest problem now is the military region
The army did not move
Grain first
Hundreds of thousands of troops eat, drink and live
It's not a small sum of money.
Just a few million bullets of grain and tens of millions of taels of broken silver
I caught it with a knife
Is Your Majesty ready again?
The homes of those corrupt officials
Your Majesty, absolutely not
Enemy Current
Once the tide is unstable
Is there a corpse?
This self-defeating thing
I still won't do it
What is Your Majesty going to do?
My love
Do you know who the richest person in our big fish is?
Naturally, it was Li Si, the great traitor
Aifei, you are wrong.
The richest person is not Li Si
It's a businessperson, a businessperson, right?
They have billions of silver in their hands
No business is not popular
The country has no business
Merchant innocent
Your Majesty must not do what the gunmen do to the people
Incompetence and instability
reactive pay
Live without injury
I still understand these basic principles of governance
Do not steal from merchants
How is His Majesty going to make money?
I am a fool, not a fool
What's the best way to make money with businesspeople?
Do business with them?